{urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2}g;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
{urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2}g;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Release\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Release\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabItem;obj\Release\90\res\layout\tablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\tablayout.xml
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager;obj\Release\90\res\layout\tablayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
android.support.v7.widget.CardView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
android.support.v7.widget.CardView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
android.support.v7.widget.CardView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\customlistviewlayout.xml
attr;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
attr;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
background;obj\Release\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
background;obj\Release\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
bitmap;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
bitmap;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
bitmap;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\splash_screen.xml
Button;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
Button;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
Button;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_blue_round.xml
Button;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_white_round.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addpersonaldetailformlayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout1.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout2.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\dashboardlayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\facebooklayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragement1layout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\framentbtnlayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\gallerylayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googleloginfirebaselayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googlesigntrylayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
Button;obj\Release\90\res\layout\twitterlayout.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\41\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
CheckBox;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
color;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\splash_screen.xml
color;obj\Release\90\res\values\colors.xml
color;obj\Release\90\res\values\ic_launcher_background.xml
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton;obj\Release\90\res\layout\facebooklayout.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_background.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_background.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
corners;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
corners;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\roundbutton.xml
corners;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\rounded_edittext.xml
DatePicker;obj\Release\90\res\layout\activity_main.xml
DatePicker;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
dimen;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
dimen;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addpersonaldetailformlayout.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout1.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout2.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\enternumber.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragement1layout.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
EditText;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
enum;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
enum;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\41\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\41\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj\Release\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
foreground;obj\Release\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_activity_layout.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_blue_large.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_blue_small.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_white_large.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_white_small.xml
FrameLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\framentbtnlayout.xml
ImageButton;obj\Release\90\res\layout\listviewlayout.xml
ImageButton;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_tooltip_bubble.xml
ImageView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\gallerylayout.xml
ImageView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
ImageView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\welcomescreen.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_background.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_send_button_icon.xml
item;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\splash_screen.xml
item;obj\Release\90\res\menu\mainmenu.xml
item;obj\Release\90\res\values\styles.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
layer-list;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\splash_screen.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addpersonaldetailformlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout1.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\addprofileformlayout2.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\contactlistlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\customlistviewlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\dashboardlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\enternumber.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\facebooklayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragement1layout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragment2layout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragment3layout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragment4layout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\framentbtnlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\gallerylayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googleloginfirebaselayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googlesigntrylayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\listviewlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\mainlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\remoterecieverlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\tablayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\twitterlayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\verifyemail.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\welcomescreen.xml
ListView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\listviewlayout.xml
menu;obj\Release\90\res\menu\mainmenu.xml
path;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_icon.xml
path;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_favicon_blue.xml
paths;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\41\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
ProgressBar;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_login_fragment.xml
ProgressBar;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
RadioButton;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
RadioGroup;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_login_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_tooltip_bubble.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\activity_main.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\customlistviewlayout.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googleloginfirebaselayout.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Release\90\res\layout\listviewlayout.xml
requestFocus;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\googsvcsjson\values\goog_svcs_json.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-af\values-af.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ar\values-ar.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-bn\values-bn.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-cs\values-cs.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-da\values-da.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-de\values-de.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-el\values-el.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values-en-rGB.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-es\values-es.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-es-rES\values-es-rES.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-fi\values-fi.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-fr\values-fr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values-fr-rCA.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-gu\values-gu.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-hi\values-hi.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-hr\values-hr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-hu\values-hu.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-id\values-id.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-in\values-in.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-it\values-it.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-iw\values-iw.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ja\values-ja.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-kn\values-kn.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ko\values-ko.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ml\values-ml.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-mr\values-mr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ms\values-ms.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-nb\values-nb.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-nl\values-nl.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pa\values-pa.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pl\values-pl.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pt\values-pt.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values-pt-rPT.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ro\values-ro.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ru\values-ru.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-sk\values-sk.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-sv\values-sv.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ta\values-ta.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-te\values-te.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-th\values-th.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-tl\values-tl.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-tr\values-tr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-vi\values-vi.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values-zh-rHK.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-af\values-af.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ar\values-ar.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-bn\values-bn.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-cs\values-cs.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-da\values-da.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-de\values-de.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-el\values-el.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values-en-rGB.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-es\values-es.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-es-rES\values-es-rES.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-fi\values-fi.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-fr\values-fr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values-fr-rCA.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-gu\values-gu.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-hi\values-hi.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-hr\values-hr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-hu\values-hu.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-in\values-in.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-it\values-it.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-iw\values-iw.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ja\values-ja.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-kn\values-kn.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ko\values-ko.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ml\values-ml.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-mr\values-mr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ms\values-ms.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-nb\values-nb.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-nl\values-nl.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pa\values-pa.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pl\values-pl.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pt\values-pt.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values-pt-rPT.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ro\values-ro.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ru\values-ru.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-sk\values-sk.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-sv\values-sv.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ta\values-ta.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-te\values-te.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-th\values-th.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-tl\values-tl.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-tr\values-tr.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-vi\values-vi.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values-zh-rHK.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;obj\Release\90\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Release\90\res\values\ic_launcher_background.xml
resources;obj\Release\90\res\values\strings.xml
resources;obj\Release\90\res\values\styles.xml
ScrollView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_background.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
selector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_send_button_icon.xml
set;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\slide_in_right.xml
set;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\slide_out_left.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
shape;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
shape;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\roundbutton.xml
shape;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\rounded_edittext.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\drawable\messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
solid;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
solid;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\roundbutton.xml
solid;obj\Release\90\res\drawable\rounded_edittext.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\googsvcsjson\values\goog_svcs_json.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-af\values-af.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ar\values-ar.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-bn\values-bn.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-cs\values-cs.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-da\values-da.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-de\values-de.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-el\values-el.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values-en-rGB.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-es\values-es.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-es-rES\values-es-rES.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-fi\values-fi.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-fr\values-fr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values-fr-rCA.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-gu\values-gu.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-hi\values-hi.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-hr\values-hr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-hu\values-hu.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-id\values-id.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-in\values-in.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-it\values-it.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-iw\values-iw.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ja\values-ja.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-kn\values-kn.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ko\values-ko.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ml\values-ml.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-mr\values-mr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ms\values-ms.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-nb\values-nb.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-nl\values-nl.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pa\values-pa.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pl\values-pl.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pt\values-pt.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values-pt-rPT.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ro\values-ro.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ru\values-ru.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-sk\values-sk.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-sv\values-sv.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-ta\values-ta.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-te\values-te.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-th\values-th.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-tl\values-tl.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-tr\values-tr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-vi\values-vi.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values-zh-rCN.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values-zh-rHK.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values-zh-rTW.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-af\values-af.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ar\values-ar.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-bn\values-bn.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-cs\values-cs.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-da\values-da.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-de\values-de.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-el\values-el.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values-en-rGB.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-es\values-es.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-es-rES\values-es-rES.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-fi\values-fi.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-fr\values-fr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values-fr-rCA.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-gu\values-gu.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-hi\values-hi.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-hr\values-hr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-hu\values-hu.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-in\values-in.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-it\values-it.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-iw\values-iw.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ja\values-ja.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-kn\values-kn.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ko\values-ko.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ml\values-ml.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-mr\values-mr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ms\values-ms.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-nb\values-nb.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-nl\values-nl.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pa\values-pa.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pl\values-pl.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pt\values-pt.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values-pt-rPT.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ro\values-ro.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ru\values-ru.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-sk\values-sk.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-sv\values-sv.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-ta\values-ta.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-te\values-te.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-th\values-th.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-tl\values-tl.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-tr\values-tr.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-vi\values-vi.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values-zh-rCN.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values-zh-rHK.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values-zh-rTW.xml
string;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;obj\Release\90\res\values\strings.xml
style;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\49\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;obj\Release\90\res\values\styles.xml
TableRow;obj\Release\90\res\layout\customlistviewlayout.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\46\jl\res\layout\com_facebook_tooltip_bubble.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_blue_large.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_blue_small.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_white_large.xml
TextView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\47\jl\res\layout\messenger_button_send_white_small.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\contactlistlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\custom_tab.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\customlistviewlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\dashboardlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\enternumber.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\facebooklayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragement1layout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragment2layout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragment3layout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\fragment4layout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googleloginfirebaselayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\googlesigntrylayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\listviewlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\loginlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\mainlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\praclayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\remoterecieverlayout.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\verifyemail.xml
TextView;obj\Release\90\res\layout\welcomescreen.xml
Toolbar;obj\Release\90\res\layout\listviewlayout.xml
Toolbar;obj\Release\90\res\layout\tablayout.xml
translate;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\slide_in_right.xml
translate;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\slide_out_left.xml
vector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_button_icon.xml
vector;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\44\jl\res\drawable\com_facebook_favicon_blue.xml
WebView;C:\Users\ayusha\Documents\New folder\Android\Android\Training\Training\obj\Release\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\activity_webview.xml
